c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\Homepage.vb.exe.config
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\Homepage.vb.exe
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\Homepage.vb.pdb
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\Homepage.vb.xml
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.exe
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.xml
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.pdb
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.Questinnaire.resources
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.depression.resources
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.Suicide.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.article.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.contactUs.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.Homepage2.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.questionnaire.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.v1.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.v2.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.v3.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.v4.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.videos.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.mooddisorderArticle.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.ocdArticle.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.ptsdArticle.resources
C:\Users\User\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Homepage.vb\Homepage.vb\obj\Debug\Homepage.vb.anxiety.resources
